---
title: FAQ
layout: post
post-image: "https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/5ca11f5ce66669098db41f51/1566845537230-LK89GGNJHUEENE2R2DAM/Wedding+FAQ%27s-2.png?format=1500w"
description: We have compiled a list of answers to commonly asked questions for everyone.
---
- Will the ceremony and reception be held at the same location?
    - Yes, they will both take place at Canopy Creek Farms.
- Will the ceremony and reception be held indoors or outdoors?
    - The ceremony will be held outdoors and the reception will be held inside the on-site barn. The barn is air-conditioned and guests will have access to the barn, as well as an outdoor patio and large lawn area. 
- What is the dress code?
    - Semi-formal/ dressy casual.  
    This typically means Light colors and fabrics, but **no white**  
        - Girls 
            - Any dress length is fine 
            - For shoes, heels, nice wedges, or formal flats  
            You'll be walking across a (mostly) paved lawn up to an un-paved ceremony area, but avoid traditional heels that will likely get stuck in the grass just incase.
        - Guys
            - Dress shirt and khakis (pants or shorts)
            - Tie optional 

- Will there be an open bar?
    - Yes, we will have a selection of beer, wine, and bourbon for our guests. If you would like something specific, feel free to bring it!
- Can I take pictures during the ceremony to post on social media?
    - We ask that phones are not out during the ceremony, but you are more than welcome to take pictures throughout the reception. We would love to see your pictures, so please feel free to send us a copy at blake.sweet16@gmail.com or kaitlyncarr21@yahoo.com. 
- I’m flying in from out of town. What city should I fly into?
    - We would recommend flying into Dayton Intl. Airport or Cincinnati Airport! Dayton Intl. Airport airport is roughly 25 minutes from our hotel block options. Cincinnati Airport is another option, but it is roughly an hour drive from the hotels. 
- How far is the venue from our hotel?
    - The venue is a 10 minute drive from our hotel blocks. If you are driving in from Kentucky the day of, it is also a 10 minute drive from the interstate exit.
- What food will be served?
    - We will serving a buffet style meal with the following options: marinated grill chicken, smoked beef brisket, fresh herbed green beans, baked macaroni and cheese, garlic smashed potatoes, and assorted rolls. There will also be a choice of caesar or garden tossed salad.